De-duplicate common data resources (#40)
natcap/invest.users-guide: source/sdr.rst

> Sometimes, soil maps may also have holes in places that aren't water bodies (such as glaciers.) Here, look at a land cover map to see what is happening on the landscape. If it is a place where erosion is unlikely to happen (such as rock outcrops), a value of 0 may be used. However, if the area seems like it should have soil data, you can use a nearest neighbor GIS function, or manually set those areas to the dominant soil type that surrounds the missing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, soil maps may also have holes in places that are not water bodies (such as glaciers.) Here, look at a land cover map to see what is happening on the landscape. If it is a place where erosion is unlikely to happen (such as rock outcrops), a value of 0 may be used. However, if the area seems like it should have soil data, you can use a nearest neighbor GIS function, or manually set those areas to the dominant soil type that surrounds the missing data.

```
